I like to thank you all for coming out
here today to support me a friend at
Doctors Washington you know it's been a
long hard process and throughout this
whole time throughout my junior year
ever since i first started getting
scholarships that you know Adolphus was
getting we we've been screaming package
deal the whole time that's what we've
been saying and so that's what we you
know that's what we really wanted to do
we really want to go to the same school
and they'll continue this relationship
that we got going and take it to the
next level so here goes nothing that
good uh you know we really wanted to go
to the same school but you know last
week I took that trip out to Eugene I
decided that uh out there with the best
place for me I guess with that being
said I mom go ahead and turn it over to
adults I want to thank everybody for
coming out tonight i mayn't godly this
this morning you know kind of nervous
but um I just want to thank everybody i
got the coaches I'll everybody i
supported TAF and everything you know i
guess it kind of no surprise to
everybody where I'm gonna do so on but
that being said I'm a buck
I may I kind of have my mind made up
once i took my my official visit because
they showed me they showed me so much
more that they had to offer than just
football and that was then that was my
biggest part of my decision there's a
coaching situation does it bother you at
all I mean the fact is that if they're
looking at the end of the season you
know um no not really what could I
believe every Meyer the good cause
nothing he'll give me equal equal
opportunity to get playing time so you
takin be urban meyer you clamber I hope
so we're really time I turn my own
decision around was when I when I was
talking to coach Kelly on on Sunday
afternoon I was talking to him and my
whole my whole reason for going out
there I wanted to see what they could
give me outside of football you know
some people just brought my visit have
been talking about it but when i was
talking to coach kelly you know he
really said some things and he hit it on
the head and that's when I kind of made
up my mind that organ is where you know
I felt I had the best opportunities